{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2 System;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\froman\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang2057\pard\plain\f3\fs24\b vbalWinHook Interface Definition 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b General Information
\par \pard\tx993\plain\f3\fs20 Library:\tab vbalWinHook (vbAccelerator Windows Hook Helper DLL)
\par File:\tab C:\\Stevemac\\VB\\Controls\\Hooks\\Release\\vbalHook.dll
\par GUID:\tab \{33DAE281-DF91-11D2-8E21-44C10AC10000\}
\par Version:\tab 5.0
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Enumerations
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists enumerations exposed by vbalWinHook.
\par 
\par Public Enum EHTHookErrorConstants
\par \tab eehHookBase=-2147220456
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum EHTHookTypeConstants
\par \tab _WH_MIN=-1
\par \tab WH_CALLWNDPROC=4
\par \tab WH_CBT=5
\par \tab WH_DEBUG=9
\par \tab WH_FOREGROUNDIDLE=11
\par \tab WH_GETMESSAGE=3
\par \tab WH_JOURNALRECORD=0
\par \tab WH_JOURNALPLAYBACK=1
\par \tab WH_KEYBOARD=2
\par \tab WH_MOUSE=7
\par \tab WH_MSGFILTER=-1
\par \tab WH_SHELL=10
\par \tab WH_SYSMSGFILTER=6
\par \tab WH_CALLWNDPROCRET=12
\par \tab _WH_MAX=14
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum EHTMousewParamValues
\par \tab WM_MOUSEMOVE=512
\par \tab WM_LBUTTONDBLCLK=515
\par \tab WM_LBUTTONDOWN=513
\par \tab WM_LBUTTONUP=514
\par \tab WM_MBUTTONDBLCLK=521
\par \tab WM_MBUTTONDOWN=519
\par \tab WM_MBUTTONUP=520
\par \tab WM_RBUTTONDBLCLK=518
\par \tab WM_RBUTTONUP=517
\par \tab WM_RBUTTONDOWN=516
\par \tab WM_NCLBUTTONDBLCLK=163
\par \tab WM_NCLBUTTONDOWN=161
\par \tab WM_NCLBUTTONUP=162
\par \tab WM_NCMBUTTONDBLCLK=169
\par \tab WM_NCMBUTTONDOWN=167
\par \tab WM_NCMBUTTONUP=168
\par \tab WM_NCMOUSEMOVE=160
\par \tab WM_NCRBUTTONDBLCLK=166
\par \tab WM_NCRBUTTONDOWN=164
\par \tab WM_NCRBUTTONUP=165
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum EHTMsgFilterCodes
\par \tab MSGF_DDEMGR=-32767
\par \tab MSGF_DIALOGBOX=0
\par \tab MSGF_MAINLOOP=8
\par \tab MSGF_MAX=8
\par \tab MSGF_MENU=2
\par \tab MSGF_MESSAGEBOX=1
\par \tab MSGF_MOVE=3
\par \tab MSGF_NEXTWINDOW=6
\par \tab MSGF_SCROLLBAR=5
\par \tab MSGF_SIZE=4
\par \tab MSGF_USER=4096
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum EHTShellCodes
\par \tab HSHELL_ACTIVATESHELLWINDOW=3
\par \tab HSHELL_WINDOWCREATED=1
\par \tab HSHELL_WINDOWDESTROYED=2
\par \tab HSHELL_WINDOWACTIVATED=4
\par \tab HSHELL_GETMINRECT=5
\par \tab HSHELL_REDRAW=6
\par \tab HSHELL_TASKMAN=7
\par \tab HSHELL_LANGUAGE=8
\par \tab HSHELL_ACCESSIBILITYSTATE=11
\par End Enum\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Interfaces
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists the Classes exposed by vbalWinHook.  For each class, the methods and events are listed.
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cCallWndProclParam \{7E198155-5425-11D3-8E23-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get hWnd() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the window handle that this message is being sent to.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get lParam() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the lParam for this message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get wParam() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the wParam for this message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Message() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the message.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cCallWndProcRetlParam \{7E198157-5425-11D3-8E23-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get hWnd() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the window handle that this message was sent to.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get lParam() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the lParam of the message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get wParam() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the wParam of the message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Message() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get lResult() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the return value from the window this message was sent to.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cGetMsglParam \{7E198153-5425-11D3-8E23-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get hWnd() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/Sets the window handle this message is being retrieved by.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let hWnd(RHS  As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/Sets the window handle this message is being retrieved by.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get lParam() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/Sets the lParam member of the message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let lParam(RHS  As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/Sets the lParam member of the message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get wParam() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the wParam value for this message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let wParam(RHS  As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the wParam value for this message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Message() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Message(RHS  As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get X() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the x mouse position relative to the screen in pixels at the point when this message was posted.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Y() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the y mouse position relative to the screen in pixels at the point when this message was posted.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cKeyboardlParam \{7E198146-5425-11D3-8E23-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get KeyUp() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Whether the Key is up for this keyboard message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get KeyDown() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Whether the Key is down for this keyboard message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Alt() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Whether the Alt key is pressed for this keyboard message.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cMouselParam \{7E198151-5425-11D3-8E23-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get X() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 X position of the mouse relative to the screen, in pixels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Y() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Y position of the mouse relative to the screen, in pixels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ClientX(ByVal lhWNd As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 X position of the mouse relative to the client window, in pixels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ClientY(ByVal lhWNd As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Y position of the mouse relative to the client window, in pixels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get hWnd() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Window handle the mouse message will be sent to.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get wHitTestCode() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Windows Hit Test Code for the mouse message.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get dwExtraInfo() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Extra information associated with the mouse message.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b GHook \{7E198149-5425-11D3-8E23-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Function InstallHook(ByVal IHook As _IWindowsHook, ByVal eType As EHTHookTypeConstants) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Installs a Hook of the specified type.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub RemoveHook(ByVal IHook As _IWindowsHook, ByVal eType As EHTHookTypeConstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Removes a previously installed Hook.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get MouselParam(ByVal lParam As Long) As cMouselParam
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Converts the lParam member of a WH_MOUSE hook notification into the consituent members.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get KeyboardlParam(ByVal lParam As Long) As cKeyboardlParam
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Converts the lParam member of a WH_KEYBOARD hook notification into the consituent members.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get GetMsglParam(ByVal lParam As Long) As cGetMsglParam
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Converts the lParam member of a WH_GETMSG hook notification into the consituent members.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CallWndProclParam(ByVal lParam As Long) As cCallWndProclParam
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Converts the lParam member of a WH_CALLWNDPROC hook notification into the consituent members.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CallWndProcRetlParam(ByVal lParam As Long) As cCallWndProcRetlParam
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Converts the lParam member of a WH_CALLWNDPROCRET hook notification into the consituent members.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b IWindowsHook \{7E198150-5425-11D3-8E23-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Function HookProc(ByVal eType As EHTHookTypeConstants, ByVal nCode As Long, ByVal wParam As Long, ByVal lParam As Long, ByVal bConsume As Boolean) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Fired whenever a Hook receives a notification.  Set bConsume to True if you wish to stop the notification from reaching your app.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par }
 