{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2 System;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\froman\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang2057\pard\plain\f3\fs24\b vbAcceleratorGrid Interface Definition 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b General Information
\par \pard\tx993\plain\f3\fs20 Library:\tab vbAcceleratorGrid (vbAccelerator Grid Control)
\par File:\tab C:\\Stevemac\\VB\\Controls\\S-Grid4\\Release\\vbalGrid.ocx
\par GUID:\tab \{017E002E-D7CC-11D2-8E21-44B10AC10000\}
\par Version:\tab 15.0
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Enumerations
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists enumerations exposed by vbAcceleratorGrid.
\par 
\par Public Enum cShellSortOrderCOnstants
\par \tab CCLOrderNone=0
\par \tab CCLOrderAscending=1
\par \tab CCLOrderDescending=2
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum cShellSortTypeConstants
\par \tab CCLSortNumeric=100
\par \tab CCLSortString=102
\par \tab CCLSortDate=200
\par \tab CCLSortDateYearAccuracy=250
\par \tab CCLSortDateMonthAccuracy=251
\par \tab CCLSortDateDayAccuracy=252
\par \tab CCLSortDateHourAccuracy=253
\par \tab CCLSortDateMinuteAccuracy=254
\par \tab CCLSortIcon=300
\par \tab CCLSortExtraIcon=301
\par \tab CCLSortForeColor=400
\par \tab CCLSortBackColor=401
\par \tab CCLSortFontIndex=500
\par \tab CCLSortSelected=600
\par \tab CCLSortIndentation=700
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum ECGBorderStyle
\par \tab ecgBorderStyleNone=0
\par \tab ecgBorderStyle3d=1
\par \tab ecgBorderStyle3dThin=2
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum ECGHdrTextAlignFlags
\par \tab ecgHdrTextALignLeft=0
\par \tab ecgHdrTextALignCentre=2
\par \tab ecgHdrTextALignRight=1
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum ECGScrollBarStyles
\par \tab ecgSbrRegular=0
\par \tab ecgSbrEncarta=1
\par \tab ecgSbrFlat=2
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum ECGSerialiseTypes
\par \tab ecgSerialiseSGRID=0
\par \tab ecgSerialiseSGRIDLayout=1
\par \tab ecgSerialiseTextTabNewLine=2
\par \tab ecgSerialiseCSV=3
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum ECGTextAlignFlags
\par \tab DT_TOP=0
\par \tab DT_LEFT=0
\par \tab DT_CENTER=1
\par \tab DT_RIGHT=2
\par \tab DT_VCENTER=4
\par \tab DT_BOTTOM=8
\par \tab DT_WORDBREAK=16
\par \tab DT_SINGLELINE=32
\par \tab DT_EXPANDTABS=64
\par \tab DT_TABSTOP=128
\par \tab DT_NOCLIP=256
\par \tab DT_EXTERNALLEADING=512
\par \tab DT_CALCRECT=1024
\par \tab DT_NOPREFIX=2048
\par \tab DT_INTERNAL=4096
\par \tab DT_EDITCONTROL=8192
\par \tab DT_PATH_ELLIPSIS=16384
\par \tab DT_END_ELLIPSIS=32768
\par \tab DT_MODIFYSTRING=65536
\par \tab DT_RTLREADING=131072
\par \tab DT_WORD_ELLIPSIS=262144
\par End Enum\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Interfaces
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists the Classes exposed by vbAcceleratorGrid.  For each class, the methods and events are listed.
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cGridCell \{C47CB531-DA3E-11D2-8E21-44C10AC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ItemData() As Long
\par 
\par Property Let ItemData(RHS  As Long)
\par 
\par Property Get TextAlign() As ECGTextAlignFlags
\par 
\par Property Let TextAlign(RHS  As ECGTextAlignFlags)
\par 
\par Property Get Text() As Variant
\par 
\par Property Let Text(RHS  As Variant)
\par 
\par Property Get Font() As Font
\par 
\par Property Set Font() As Font
\par 
\par Property Get IconIndex() As Long
\par 
\par Property Let IconIndex(RHS  As Long)
\par 
\par Property Get ExtraIconIndex() As Long
\par 
\par Property Let ExtraIconIndex(RHS  As Long)
\par 
\par Property Get Indent() As Long
\par 
\par Property Let Indent(RHS  As Long)
\par 
\par Property Get BackColor() As ULong
\par 
\par Property Let BackColor(RHS  As ULong)
\par 
\par Sub DefaultBackColor
\par 
\par Property Get ForeColor() As ULong
\par 
\par Property Let ForeColor(RHS  As ULong)
\par 
\par Sub DefaultForeColor
\par \plain\f3\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cShellSortTGridCells \{C47CB525-DA3E-11D2-8E21-44C10AC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Clear
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Clears all sort settings.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get LastSortIndex() As Integer
\par 
\par Property Let LastSortIndex(RHS  As Integer)
\par 
\par Property Let SortColumn(ByVal iSortIndex As Integer, RHS As Integer)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the grid column to sort by.  Up to three grid columns can be specified for a sort.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SortColumn(ByVal iSortIndex As Integer) As Integer
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the grid column to sort by.  Up to three grid columns can be specified for a sort.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let SortOrder(ByVal iSortIndex As Integer, RHS As cShellSortOrderCOnstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the order to sort in for a specified sort column.  Up to three columns can be specified for a sort.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SortOrder(ByVal iSortIndex As Integer) As cShellSortOrderCOnstants
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the order to sort in for a specified sort column.  Up to three columns can be specified for a sort.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SortType(ByVal iSortIndex As Integer) As cShellSortTypeConstants
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the type of sorting to use for a specified sort column.  Up to three columns can be specified for a sort.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let SortType(ByVal iSortIndex As Integer, RHS As cShellSortTypeConstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the type of sorting to use for a specified sort column.  Up to three columns can be specified for a sort.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b vbalGrid \{C47CB52A-DA3E-11D2-8E21-44C10AC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get HighlightSelectedIcons() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether icons in selected cells will be highlighted using the selection colour.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let HighlightSelectedIcons(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether icons in selected cells will be highlighted using the selection colour.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get DrawFocusRectangle() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a focus rectangle (dotted line around the selection) will be shown.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let DrawFocusRectangle(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a focus rectangle (dotted line around the selection) will be shown.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Enabled() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid is enabled or not.  Note the grid can still be read when it is disabled, but cannot be selected or edited.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Enabled(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid is enabled or not.  Note the grid can still be read when it is disabled, but cannot be selected or edited.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get DisableIcons() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether icons are drawn disabled when the control is disabled.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let DisableIcons(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether icons are drawn disabled when the control is disabled.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Editable() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid will be editable (i.e. raise RequestEdit events).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Editable(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid will be editable (i.e. raise RequestEdit events).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SortObject() As cShellSortTGridCells
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Returns a reference to the sort object where grid sorting options can be specified.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Sort
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sorts the grid data according to the options set up in the SortObject.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get EvaluateTextHeight(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Determines the ideal height required to display all the cell's text in a cell.  This property is only of any use if the Cell's CellTextAlign property allows multiple lines.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get EvaluateTextWidth(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, Optional ByVal bForceNoModify As Boolean=True) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Determines the ideal width required to fully display text in a cell.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let DefaultRowHeight(RHS  As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the height which will be used as a default for rows in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get DefaultRowHeight() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the height which will be used as a default for rows in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Redraw() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid is redrawn in response to changes.  Set to False whilst setting many properties to increase speed.  Setting to True after it has been False forces a re-draw of the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Redraw(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid is redrawn in response to changes.  Set to False whilst setting many properties to increase speed.  Setting to True after it has been False forces a re-draw of the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ScrollBarStyle(RHS  As ECGScrollBarStyles)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the style in which scroll bars are drawn.  Flat or Encarta style scroll bars are only supported in systems with COMCTL32.DLL version 4.72 or higher.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ScrollBarStyle() As ECGScrollBarStyles
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the style in which scroll bars are drawn.  Flat or Encarta style scroll bars are only supported in systems with COMCTL32.DLL version 4.72 or higher.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellFormattedText(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the text of a cell with any formatting string applicable to the cell's column applied.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellText(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Variant
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text associated with a cell.  This property is a variant allowing you to store Numbers and Dates as well.  In columns which are not visible, it could also be used to store objects. \plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellText(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text associated with a cell.  This property is a variant allowing you to store Numbers and Dates as well.  In columns which are not visible, it could also be used to store objects. \plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellTextAlign(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As ECGTextAlignFlags
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the alignment and formatting properties used to draw cell text.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellTextAlign(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As ECGTextAlignFlags)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the alignment and formatting properties used to draw cell text.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellIndent(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the horizontal indentation of a cell from the cell's border.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellIndent(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the horizontal indentation of a cell from the cell's border.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellExtraIcon(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the extra icon for a cell.  This icon will always appear in the leftmost position for the cell.  Set CellExtraIcon to -1 to remove an icon.  CellExtraIcons represent ImageList icon indexes and run from 0 to Count-1.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellExtraIcon(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the extra icon for a cell.  This icon will always appear in the leftmost position for the cell.  Set CellExtraIcon to -1 to remove an icon.  CellExtraIcons represent ImageList icon indexes and run from 0 to Count-1.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellItemData(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a long value associated with the cell.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellItemData(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a long value associated with the cell.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellSelected(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a cell is selected or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellSelected(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a cell is selected or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellIcon(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the icon for a cell.  If the cell has an icon set via the CellExtraIcon property, this icon will appear after it.  Set CellIcon to -1 to remove an icon.  CellIcons represent ImageList icon indexes and run from 0 to Count-1.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellIcon(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the icon for a cell.  If the cell has an icon set via the CellExtraIcon property, this icon will appear after it.  Set CellIcon to -1 to remove an icon.  CellIcons represent ImageList icon indexes and run from 0 to Count-1.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellBackColor(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As ULong
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the background colour for a cell.  Set to -1 to make the cell transparent.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellBackColor(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As ULong)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the background colour for a cell.  Set to -1 to make the cell transparent.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellForeColor(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As ULong
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the foreground colour to draw a cell in.  Set to -1 to use the default foreground colour.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellForeColor(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As ULong)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the foreground colour to draw a cell in.  Set to -1 to use the default foreground colour.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub CellDefaultForeColor(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sets a cell to use the default foreground colour (the fore colour of the control).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub CellDefaultBackColor(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sets a cell to use the default background colour (transparent).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CellFont(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As Font
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font to use to draw a cell.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CellFont(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As Font)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font to use to draw a cell.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub CellDefaultFont(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sets a cell to use the default font.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get MultiSelect() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether multiple grid cells or rows can be selected or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let MultiSelect(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether multiple grid cells or rows can be selected or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get RowMode() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether cells can be selected in the grid (False) or rows (True).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let RowMode(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether cells can be selected in the grid (False) or rows (True).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get RowIsGroup(ByVal lRow As Long) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a row should be regarded as a group row.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let RowIsGroup(ByVal lRow As Long, RHS As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a row should be regarded as a group row.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get RowGroupStartColumn(ByVal lRow As Long) As Long
\par 
\par Property Let RowGroupStartColumn(ByVal lRow As Long, RHS As Long)
\par 
\par Property Get GridLines() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether grid-lines are drawn or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let GridLines(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether grid-lines are drawn or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ImageList(RHS  As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sets an ImageList as the source of icons for the control.  The ImageList can be either a VB ImageList, a vbAccelerator ImageList or an API hIml handle.  If it is a VB Image List, the Image List must have had at least one icon in it before using this prop\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Set BackgroundPicture() As Picture
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a picture to be used as the grid's background.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get BackgroundPicture() As Picture
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a picture to be used as the grid's background.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get BackColor() As ULong
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the background color of the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let BackColor(RHS  As ULong)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the background color of the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ForeColor() As ULong
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the foreground color used to draw the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ForeColor(RHS  As ULong)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the foreground color used to draw the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get GridLineColor() As ULong
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the colour used to draw grid lines.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let GridLineColor(RHS  As ULong)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the colour used to draw grid lines.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Font() As Font
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font used by the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Set Font() As Font
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font used by the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Virtual() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid is in Virtual Mode (i.e. rows are added as required via the RequestRow and RequestRowData events).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Virtual(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid is in Virtual Mode (i.e. rows are added as required via the RequestRow and RequestRowData events).\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Draw
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Draws the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub CellFromPoint(ByVal xPixels As Long, ByVal yPixels As Long, ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the cell which contains the given X,Y coordinates (relative to the grid) in pixels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub CellBoundary(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, ByVal lLeft As Long, ByVal lTop As Long, ByVal lWidth As Long, ByVal lHeight As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the co-ordinates of the bounding rectangle for a cell in the grid, in twips.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Function AddColumn(ByVal vKey As String, ByVal sHeader As String, ByVal eAlign As ECGHdrTextAlignFlags, Optional ByVal iIconIndex As Long=-1, Optional ByVal lColumnWidth As Long=-1, Optional ByVal bVisible As Boolean=True, Optional ByVal bFixed As Boolean=False, ByVal vKeyBefore As Variant, Optional ByVal bIncludeInSelect As Boolean=True, ByVal sFmtString As String, Optional ByVal bRowTextColumn As Boolean=False, Optional ByVal eSortType As cShellSortTypeConstants=102) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Adds or inserts a column to the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub RemoveColumn(ByVal vKey As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Permanently removes a column from the grid.  If all columns are removed, the grid will be cleared.  If you want to temporarily remove a column, use the ColumnVisible property.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub SetHeaders
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Populates the headers in the control based on the columns in the grid.  Called automatically by the control when Headers is set to True.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnIndex(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Variant
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the index of a column with the specified key.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnImage(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the image index to show in a column's header. Image indexes are 0 based indexes of the images in an  ImageList.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnImage(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the image index to show in a column's header. Image indexes are 0 based indexes of the images in an  ImageList.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnImageOnRight(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether images (if any) will be shown on the right or not in a column header.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnImageOnRight(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether images (if any) will be shown on the right or not in a column header.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnAlign(ByVal vKey As Variant) As ECGHdrTextAlignFlags
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the alignment used to draw the column header for a column.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnAlign(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As ECGHdrTextAlignFlags)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the alignment used to draw the column header for a column.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnKey(ByVal lCol As Long) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the key for column.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnKey(ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the key for column.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnTag(ByVal lCol As Long) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a tag string associated with a column in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnTag(ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a tag string associated with a column in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Header() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid has a header or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Header(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid has a header or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get HeaderDragReOrderColumns() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid's header columns can be dragged around to reorder them.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let HeaderDragReOrderColumns(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid's header columns can be dragged around to reorder them.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get HeaderButtons() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid's header has clickable buttons or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let HeaderButtons(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid's header has clickable buttons or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get HeaderHotTrack() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid's header tracks mouse movements and highlights the header column the mouse is over or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let HeaderHotTrack(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the grid's header tracks mouse movements and highlights the header column the mouse is over or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub CellDetails(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, ByVal sText As Variant, Optional ByVal eTextAlign As ECGTextAlignFlags=262176, Optional ByVal lIconIndex As Long=-1, Optional ByVal oBackColor As ULong=-1, Optional ByVal oForeColor As ULong=-1, Optional ByVal oFont As Font=Nothing, Optional ByVal lIndent As Long=0, Optional ByVal lExtraIconIndex As Long=-1, Optional ByVal lItemData As Long=0)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sets multiple format details for a cell at the same time. Quicker than calling the properties individually.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Cell(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long) As cGridCell
\par 
\par Property Let Cell(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, RHS As cGridCell)
\par 
\par Property Get NewCellFormatObject() As cGridCell
\par 
\par Property Get RowHeight(ByVal lRow As Long) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the height of a row in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let RowHeight(ByVal lRow As Long, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the height of a row in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnOrder(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the order of a column in the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnOrder(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the order of a column in the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnSortType(ByVal vKey As Variant) As cShellSortTypeConstants
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a variable which you can use to store the current column sort type.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnSortType(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As cShellSortTypeConstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a variable which you can use to store the current column sort type.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnSortOrder(ByVal vKey As Variant) As cShellSortOrderCOnstants
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a variable which you can use to store the current column sort order.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnSortOrder(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As cShellSortOrderCOnstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a variable which you can use to store the current column sort order.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnWidth(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the width of a column in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnWidth(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the width of a column in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnHeader(ByVal vKey As Variant) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text to appear in a column header.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnHeader(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text to appear in a column header.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnFormatString(ByVal vKey As Variant) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a format string used to format all text in the column.  Format strings are the same as those used in the VB Format$ function.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnFormatString(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a format string used to format all text in the column.  Format strings are the same as those used in the VB Format$ function.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ColumnVisible(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a column will be visible or not in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ColumnVisible(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a column will be visible or not in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Columns() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the number of columns in the grid, including hidden and RowText columns.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Rows() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the number of rows in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Rows(RHS  As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the number of rows in the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub AddRow(Optional ByVal lRowBefore As Long=-1, ByVal sKey As String, Optional ByVal bVisible As Boolean=True, Optional ByVal lHeight As Long=-1, Optional ByVal bGroupRow As Boolean=False, Optional ByVal lGroupColStartIndex As Long=0)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Adds or inserts a row to the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub RemoveRow(ByVal lRow As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Deletes a row from the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get RowVisible(ByVal lRow As Long) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a row is visible in the grid or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let RowVisible(ByVal lRow As Long, RHS As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a row is visible in the grid or not.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Clear(Optional ByVal bRemoveCols As Boolean=False)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Clears the rows from the grid, optionally removing the columns too.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get BorderStyle() As ECGBorderStyle
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the border style for the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let BorderStyle(RHS  As ECGBorderStyle)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the border style for the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Function FindSearchMatchRow(ByVal sSearchString As String, Optional ByVal bLoop As Boolean=True, Optional ByVal bVisibleRowsOnly As Boolean=True) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Finds the first matching row for a given search string.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub CancelEdit
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Call to cancel an edit request when the control you are using to edit a cell looses focus.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub AutoWidthColumn(ByVal vKey As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Automatically resizes a column to accommodate the largest item.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub AutoHeightRow(ByVal lRow As Long, Optional ByVal lMinimumHeight As Long=-1)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Automatically sets the height of a row based on the contents of the cells.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event ColumnClick(ByVal lCol As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the user clicks a column.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event ColumnWidthStartChange(ByVal lCol As Long, ByVal lWidth As Long, ByVal bCancel As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the user is about to start changing the width of a column.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event ColumnWidthChanging(ByVal lCol As Long, ByVal lWidth As Long, ByVal bCancel As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised whilst a column's width is being changed.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event HeaderRightClick(ByVal x As Single, ByVal y As Single)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the user right clicks on the grid's header.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event SelectionChange(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the user changes the selected cell.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event RequestEdit(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long, ByVal iKeyAscii As Integer, ByVal bCancel As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the grid has the Editable property set to True and the user's actions request editing of the current cell.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event CancelEdit
\par 
\par Public Event KeyDown(ByVal KeyCode As Integer, ByVal Shift As Integer, ByVal bDoDefault As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a key is pressed in the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event KeyPress(ByVal KeyAscii As Integer)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised after the KeyDown event when the key press has been converted to an ASCII code.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event KeyUp(ByVal KeyCode As Integer, ByVal Shift As Integer)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a key is released on the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event MouseDown(ByVal Button As Integer, ByVal Shift As Integer, ByVal x As Single, ByVal y As Single, ByVal bDoDefault As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the a mouse button is pressed over the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event MouseMove(ByVal Button As Integer, ByVal Shift As Integer, ByVal x As Single, ByVal y As Single)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the mouse moves over the control, or when the mouse moves anywhere and a mouse button has been pressed over the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event MouseUp(ByVal Button As Integer, ByVal Shift As Integer, ByVal x As Single, ByVal y As Single)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a mouse button is released after having been pressed over the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event DblClick(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal lCol As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the user double clicks on the grid.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event RequestRow(ByVal lRow As Long, ByVal sKey As String, ByVal bVisible As Boolean, ByVal lHeight As Long, ByVal bGroupRow As Boolean, ByVal bNoMoreRows As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the grid is in Virtual mode and the grid has been scrolled to expose a new row.  Set bNoMoreRows to True to indicate all rows have been added.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event RequestRowData(ByVal lRow As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised in virtual mode when a new row has been added in response to RequestRow. Respond by filling in the cells for that row.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event ColumnOrderChanged
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par }
 