{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2 System;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\froman\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang2057\pard\plain\f3\fs24\b vbalFolderBrowse Interface Definition 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b General Information
\par \pard\tx993\plain\f3\fs20 Library:\tab vbalFolderBrowse (vbAccelerator Folder Browse Library)
\par File:\tab C:\\Stevemac\\VB\\Develop\\ComDlg\\FdrBrws\\vbalFlBr.dll
\par GUID:\tab \{8B6047BC-3332-11D3-8E22-44910FC10000\}
\par Version:\tab 3.0
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Enumerations
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists enumerations exposed by vbalFolderBrowse.
\par 
\par Public Enum efbrCSIDLConstants
\par \tab CSIDL_DESKTOP=0
\par \tab CSIDL_INTERNET=1
\par \tab CSIDL_PROGRAMS=2
\par \tab CSIDL_CONTROLS=3
\par \tab CSIDL_PRINTERS=4
\par \tab CSIDL_PERSONAL=5
\par \tab CSIDL_FAVORITES=6
\par \tab CSIDL_STARTUP=7
\par \tab CSIDL_RECENT=8
\par \tab CSIDL_SENDTO=9
\par \tab CSIDL_BITBUCKET=10
\par \tab CSIDL_STARTMENU=11
\par \tab CSIDL_DESKTOPDIRECTORY=16
\par \tab CSIDL_DRIVES=17
\par \tab CSIDL_NETWORK=18
\par \tab CSIDL_NETHOOD=19
\par \tab CSIDL_FONTS=20
\par \tab CSIDL_TEMPLATES=21
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_STARTMENU=22
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_PROGRAMS=23
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_STARTUP=24
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_DESKTOPDIRECTORY=25
\par \tab CSIDL_APPDATA=26
\par \tab CSIDL_PRINTHOOD=27
\par \tab CSIDL_LOCAL_APPDATA=28
\par \tab CSIDL_ALTSTARTUP=29
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_ALTSTARTUP=30
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_FAVORITES=31
\par \tab CSIDL_INTERNET_CACHE=32
\par \tab CSIDL_COOKIES=33
\par \tab CSIDL_HISTORY=34
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_APPDATA=35
\par \tab CSIDL_WINDOWS=36
\par \tab CSIDL_SYSTEM=37
\par \tab CSIDL_PROGRAM_FILES=38
\par \tab CSIDL_MYPICTURES=39
\par \tab CSIDL_PROFILE=40
\par \tab CSIDL_PROGRAM_FILES_COMMON=43
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_TEMPLATES=45
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_DOCUMENTS=46
\par \tab CSIDL_COMMON_ADMINTOOLS=47
\par \tab CSIDL_ADMINTOOLS=48
\par \tab CSIDL_FLAG_CREATE=-32768
\par \tab CSIDL_FLAG_DONT_VERIFY=16384
\par \tab CSIDL_FLAG_MASK=-256
\par End Enum\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Interfaces
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists the Classes exposed by vbalFolderBrowse.  For each class, the methods and events are listed.
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cBrowseForFolder \{7C6B5BFD-34D7-11D3-8E22-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SpecialFolderLocation(ByVal eFolder As efbrCSIDLConstants) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the location of a special folder.  Note that some special folders can only be retrieved for systems with IE4 or higher.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get EditBox() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the browse for folder dialog will show an edit box (only supported for IE4.0 and above)\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let EditBox(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the browse for folder dialog will show an edit box (only supported for IE4.0 and above)\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get StatusText() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the dialog box will have a line for status text.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let StatusText(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the dialog box will have a line for status text.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get FileSystemOnly() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether only file system objects can be picked in the dialog box.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let FileSystemOnly(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether only file system objects can be picked in the dialog box.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ValidateEditBox() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether dialogs with an edit box allow the user to choose OK even when the edit box includes an invalid folder.  IE4 or higher required.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ValidateEditBox(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether dialogs with an edit box allow the user to choose OK even when the edit box includes an invalid folder.  IE4 or higher required.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get UseNewUI() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the folder dialog box appears in the New style (larger, resizable, drag/drop support).  Only supported for Win2000.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let UseNewUI(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the folder dialog box appears in the New style (larger, resizable, drag/drop support).  Only supported for Win2000.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Title() As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the browse for folder dialog title.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Title(RHS  As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the browse for folder dialog title.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get hwndOwner() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sets the window which owns the dialog box.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let hwndOwner(RHS  As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Sets the window which owns the dialog box.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get InitialDir() As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the initial directory which will be navigated to when the dialog is opened.  If the directory does not exist, there will be an error on opening the dialog.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let InitialDir(RHS  As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the initial directory which will be navigated to when the dialog is opened.  If the directory does not exist, there will be an error on opening the dialog.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get RootDir() As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the top level path for the folder browsing.  Set to a blank string for the default.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let RootDir(RHS  As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the top level path for the folder browsing.  Set to a blank string for the default.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Function BrowseForFolder() As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Shows the browse for folder dialog.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get DisplayName() As Variant
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Returns the display name of the selected item.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub SetFolder(ByVal sPath As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Whilst the dialog box is open, sets the folder to the specified path.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub SetStatus(ByVal sText As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Whilst the dialog box is open, sets the status text to the specified string (if StatusText is specified).
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event Initialized
\par 
\par Public Event SelectionChanged(ByVal sPath As String, ByVal bAllowOk As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the user changes the selection in the dialog box.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event ValidationFailed(ByVal sPath As String, ByVal bKeepOpen As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the dialog edit box contains invalid text and OK is chosen.  Requires IE4 or higher.\plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b cCaptureBF \{7C6B5C03-34D7-11D3-8E22-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Reload(ByVal sSelPath As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Closes the open Browse for Folder dialog and opens a new one.  Required if you make or delete any folder when the dialog is open.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Browse() As _cBrowseForFolder
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Returns the cBrowseForFolder object.  Use this to set up the options, initial folder and so on.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Show(ByVal iwp As ICaptureBF)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Shows the capture window and loads the folder browser into it.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Unload
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the browse for folder dialog is unloaded.  Call Unload Me in your form in response to this event.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b ICaptureBF \{7C6B5C00-34D7-11D3-8E22-44910FC10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get CapturehWnd() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Requests the window handle of the window you will use to capture the folder browse dialog into.  You must show your form before returning the window handle.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub SelectionChanged(ByVal sPath As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Fires when the selection in the folder browse dialog changes.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let CaptureBrowseForFolder(RHS  As Object)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Provides you with a reference to the browse for folder object being used in the dialog.  If you copy a reference to this object, make sure you set it to nothing as your form unloads.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Unload
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Fired when the browse for folder dialog is closed.  Unload your form at this time to ensure everything clears up.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20 None 
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par }
 