{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2 System;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\froman\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang2057\pard\plain\f3\fs24\b vbalTabStrip Interface Definition 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b General Information
\par \pard\tx993\plain\f3\fs20 Library:\tab vbalTabStrip (vbAccelerator Tab Strip)
\par File:\tab C:\\Stevemac\\VB\\Controls\\TabCtrl\\vbalTab.ocx
\par GUID:\tab \{C14485BC-7593-11D2-8E21-20B404C10000\}
\par Version:\tab 1.1
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Enumerations
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists enumerations exposed by vbalTabStrip.
\par 
\par Public Enum ETabAlignConstants
\par \tab etaTop=0
\par \tab etaLeft=1
\par \tab etaBottom=2
\par \tab etaRight=3
\par End Enum\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Interfaces
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists the Classes exposed by vbalTabStrip.  For each class, the methods and events are listed.
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b TabControl \{C14485B9-7593-11D2-8E21-20B404C10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get TabAlign() As ETabAlignConstants
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the alignment of the tabs in the control (left, top, right or bottom). If changed at run-time, call the Rebuild method to make the alignment change take effect.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let TabAlign(RHS  As ETabAlignConstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the alignment of the tabs in the control (left, top, right or bottom). If changed at run-time, call the Rebuild method to make the alignment change take effect.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get FlatSeparators() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 If the tab control has the Buttons and FlatButtons styles set, gets/sets whether a flat toolbar-style separator is displayed between the buttons. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let FlatSeparators(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 If the tab control has the Buttons and FlatButtons styles set, gets/sets whether a flat toolbar-style separator is displayed between the buttons. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get HotTrack() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether tab control tracks the mouse and highlights tabs pointed to by the cursor or not. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let HotTrack(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether tab control tracks the mouse and highlights tabs pointed to by the cursor or not. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Buttons() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the tabs appear as buttons instead of tabs. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Buttons(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the tabs appear as buttons instead of tabs. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get FlatButtons() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 If the tab control has the Buttons style set, gets/sets whether the buttons are flat. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let FlatButtons(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 If the tab control has the Buttons style set, gets/sets whether the buttons are flat. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get MultiLine() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether tabs appear on more than one line or not. If changed at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let MultiLine(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether tabs appear on more than one line or not. If changed at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get RightJustify() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether text in the tabs in the control is right aligned. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let RightJustify(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether text in the tabs in the control is right aligned. If set at run-time, call the Rebuild method to recreate the control with the new style.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Font() As Font
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font used by the tab control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Set Font() As Font
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font used by the tab control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ImageList(RHS  As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Associates an Image List with the control.  Use either a COMCTL32.OCX Image List, a vbAccelerator Image List or COMCTL32.DLL hImageList handle as the parameter.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub AddTab(ByVal sText As String, Optional ByVal iIconIndex As Long=-1, Optional ByVal vKeyBefore As Variant=-1, ByVal sKey As String, ByVal lItemData As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Adds or inserts a tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub RemoveTab(ByVal vKey As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Removes a tab from the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub RemoveAllTabs
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Removes all tabs from the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SelectedTab() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the index of the selected tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub SelectTab(ByVal vKey As Variant, Optional ByVal bNoEvents As Boolean=False)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Selects a tab in the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub Rebuild
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Rebuilds the tab control.  Use this if you change any of the style properties at run-time to allow the style change to take effect.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ClientLeft() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the left position of the client area of the tab control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ClientTop() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the top position of the client area of the tab control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ClientWidth() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the width of the client area of the tab control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get ClientHeight() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the height of the client area of the tab control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get TabText(ByVal vKey As Variant) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text which appears in a tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get TabImage(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the 0 based index of the image list image to display for a tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let TabImage(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the 0 based index of the image list image to display for a tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get TabItemData(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a long value to associate with a tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let TabItemData(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets a long value to associate with a tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get TabKey(ByVal lIndex As Long) As Variant
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the key to associate with a tab.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get IndexForTab(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the numeric index of a tab given the key.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get TabCount() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the number of tabs in the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get hwnd() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the Window handle of the control.  Use TabCtrlhWnd if you want the hWnd of the tab itself.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get TabCtrlhWnd() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the hWnd of the Tab Control.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event BeforeClick(ByVal lTab As Long, ByVal bCancel As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a tab has been clicked but before the tab has changed.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event TabClick(ByVal lTab As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a tab is clicked.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event TabRightClick
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the user right clicks on the tab control.\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par }
 