{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2 System;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\froman\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang2057\pard\plain\f3\fs24\b vbalSbar Interface Definition 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b General Information
\par \pard\tx993\plain\f3\fs20 Library:\tab vbalSbar (vbAccelerator Status Bar Control)
\par File:\tab C:\\Stevemac\\VB\\Controls\\vbalSbar\\vbalSbar.ocx
\par GUID:\tab \{418F6080-7954-11D2-805B-00C04FA4EE99\}
\par Version:\tab 2.1
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Enumerations
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists enumerations exposed by vbalSbar.
\par 
\par Public Enum ESTBRPanelStyle
\par \tab estbrStandard=0
\par \tab estbrNoBorders=256
\par \tab estbrRaisedBorder=512
\par \tab estbrTooltips=2048
\par \tab estbrOwnerDraw=4096
\par \tab estbrCaps=4097
\par \tab estbrNum=4098
\par \tab estbrIns=4099
\par \tab estbrScrl=4100
\par \tab estbrTime=4101
\par \tab estbrDate=4102
\par \tab estbrDateTime=4103
\par End Enum
\par Public Enum ESTBRSimplePanelStyle
\par \tab estbrsStandard=0
\par \tab estbrsNoBorders=256
\par \tab estbrsRaisedBorder=512
\par \tab estbrsTooltips=2048
\par End Enum\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b Interfaces
\par \plain\f3\fs20 This section lists the Classes exposed by vbalSbar.  For each class, the methods and events are listed.
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b vbalStatusBar \{D589225C-832F-11D2-8E21-08B404C10000\}
\par \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Methods\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SimpleMode() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the status bar works in simple mode (a single panel only) or normal mode,\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let SimpleMode(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the status bar works in simple mode (a single panel only) or normal mode,\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelKey(ByVal lIndex As Long) As Variant
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the key used to identify a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelKey(ByVal lIndex As Long, RHS As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the key used to identify a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelIndex(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Returns the index of a panel given the panel's key.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelText(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text to show in a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelText(ByVal vKey As Variant) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text to show in a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let SimpleText(RHS  As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text displayed in the status bar when in simple mode.  Note this text is independent of any panels added to the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SimpleText() As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the text displayed in the status bar when in simple mode.  Note this text is independent of any panels added to the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SimpleStyle() As ESTBRSimplePanelStyle
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the style used to draw the status bar when it is in Simple Mode.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let SimpleStyle(RHS  As ESTBRSimplePanelStyle)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the style used to draw the status bar when it is in Simple Mode.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelToolTipText(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As String)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the tool tip text to show in a panel.  Note that tool tips are only displayed for panels that have an icon and either have no text or not all text is visible in the panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelToolTipText(ByVal vKey As Variant) As String
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the tool tip text to show in a panel.  Note that tool tips are only displayed for panels that have an icon and either have no text or not all text is visible in the panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelSpring(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a panel springs to fit the available space.  Only one panel at a time can have the spring property set to true.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelSpring(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a panel springs to fit the available space.  Only one panel at a time can have the spring property set to true.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelFitToContents(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a panel should automatically size to its contents.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelFitToContents(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a panel should automatically size to its contents.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelIcon(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the 0 based index of an image in the associated image list to display in a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelhIcon(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets an icon handle to draw in a panel.  If reading this property, do not call DestroyIcon the returned hIcon - it is a handle to the actual icon used by the control, not a copy.  If setting this property, the hIcon will be automatically destroyed w\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelIcon(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the 0 based index of an image in the associated image list to display in a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelhIcon(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets an icon handle to draw in a panel.  If reading this property, do not call DestroyIcon the returned hIcon - it is a handle to the actual icon used by the control, not a copy.  If setting this property, the hIcon will be automatically destroyed w\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelStyle(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As ESTBRPanelStyle)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the style used to draw a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelStyle(ByVal vKey As Variant) As ESTBRPanelStyle
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the style used to draw a panel.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelMinWidth(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the minimum allowable width for a panel.  Note that icons and the sizing grip add additional width to the minimum.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelIdealWidth(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the width of the panel calculated for auto-sizing panels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let PanelIdealWidth(ByVal vKey As Variant, RHS As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the width of the panel calculated for auto-sizing panels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get PanelCount() As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the number of panels in the status bar.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub GetPanelRect(ByVal vKey As Variant, ByVal iLeftPixels As Long, ByVal iTopPixels As Long, ByVal iRightPixels As Long, ByVal iBottomPixels As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets the outside bounding rectangle of a panel in the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Font() As Font
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font used to draw the status bar panels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Set Font() As Font
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the font used to draw the status bar panels.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get Enabled() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the control is enabled.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let Enabled(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether the control is enabled.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Function AddPanel(Optional ByVal eStyle As ESTBRPanelStyle=0, Optional ByVal sText As String=, Optional ByVal sToolTipText As String=, Optional ByVal iImgIndex As Long=-1, Optional ByVal lMinWidth As Long=64, Optional ByVal bSpring As Boolean=False, Optional ByVal bFitContents As Boolean=False, Optional ByVal lItemData As Long=0, Optional ByVal sKey As String=, Optional ByVal vKeyBefore As Variant) As Long
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Adds or inserts a panel to the status bar control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Function RemovePanel(ByVal vKey As Variant) As Variant
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Removes a panel from the control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let BackColor(RHS  As ULong)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the back colour of the status bar control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get BackColor() As ULong
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets the back colour of the status bar control.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let ImageList(RHS  As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Associates an ImageList with the status bar. The ImageList can either be a COMCTL32.OCX image list, a vbAccelerator image list or a long hImageList handle to an image list created using the COMCTL32.DLL API.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Sub RedrawPanel(ByVal vKey As Variant)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Forces a panel to redraw.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Get SizeGrip() As Boolean
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a sizing grip will be displayed at the right-hand bottom corner of the status bar.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Property Let SizeGrip(RHS  As Boolean)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Gets/sets whether a sizing grip will be displayed at the right-hand bottom corner of the status bar.
\par \plain\f3\fs20\ul Events
\par \plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event Click(ByVal iPanel As Long, ByVal x As Single, ByVal y As Single, ByVal eButton As MouseButtonConstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a panel in the status bar is clicked.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event DblClick(ByVal iPanel As Long, ByVal x As Single, ByVal y As Single, ByVal eButton As MouseButtonConstants)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a panel in the status bar is double clicked.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event DrawItem(ByVal lHDC As Long, ByVal iPanel As Long, ByVal lLeftPixels As Long, ByVal lTopPixels As Long, ByVal lRightPixels As Long, ByVal lBottomPixels As Long)
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when a panel with the Owner-Draw style set needs to be redrawn.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event Timer
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when an the internal status bar timer fires.  The internal status bar timer only operates to check key states and/or draw dates or times, so if your control does not use these custom styles then this event will not be raised.\plain\f3\fs20\b 
\par Public Event Resize
\par \plain\f3\fs20 Raised when the control is resized or one of the panels is resized.\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 
\par }
 